hello guys welcome to another video
today i will recap a psychological
thriller movie called
joker spoilers ahead watch out and take
care
let's start
the film starts in such a city where
lower and upper strata live together
wealthy people do not accept the poor
their standard of living is high
and they look down on the poor this film
is centered on the character arthur
who lives in this city he used to live
with his mother
he loved comedy and he wanted to become
a great comedian one day
his ideal was a host who used to run a
great comedy show
he wished that one day he will be with
that host on his show
he used to work hard for it then arthur
is shown
who is standing on the road for the
advertisement of a company
holding a signboard some mischievous
boys appear there
they flee after teasing him and stealing
his signboard arthur is in the
appearance of a clown
he runs after those kids to take back
his sign board
but those kids make him run and hit that
sign board on his face
as a result sign board is broken and
then they also beat arthur too much
being disheartened he directly moves to
his employer
he tells the whole story of what has
been done to him by the kids
but his employer scolds him unusually he
says
are you in your senses how do the kids
do as such
he says i will also not pay your wages
arthur has low confidence so he cannot
speak in his favor here
being dejected he comes outside he
thinks
am i too worse that no one believes me
coming to his house
he begins to dance it is observed here
that he is physically weak
next day arthur tells about those kids
meeting with his co-worker
his co-workers say to him it happened
wrong you should have had to care
yourself he says giving a gun to him
with it
keep it in your possession this will
help you in the time of your trouble
arthur refuses to take it but that man
forcefully hands him over this gun
then arthur leaves for his house he is
in a bus and there is also a sitting kid
before him
he tries to make him laugh then that boy
begins to laugh loudly
his mother is infuriated on it she says
to arthur
go don't disturb us but arthur starts
laughing on it
actually it is told that arthur suffers
some sort of the mental disorder
he cannot control his laughter and
starts laughing anywhere
sitting in a bus he gives a card to that
lady in which his disease information is
written
coming to his house he begins to take
his medication
actually this medication was rare while
he was not financially sound
so he used to take this medication from
the government medical store
one day he visits his psychiatrist and
she says to her
show me your diary what have you been
writing opening his diary
she finds a written statement that i
don't want to die awfully as i have
spent my life
then arthur goes to his house and his
mother asks him have you received any
letter sent by thomas arthur responds no
not even today thomas has been shown as
an aristocratic businessman
and people are very afraid of him his
mother says to him
that he will surely support us after
knowing our condition
next day he encounters a single mother
with her daughter on the way
returning to his house arthur begins to
like him enough
but he returns to his house his mother
again asks about the same letter here
arthur says he will not support us and
what is your connection with him
in the following day it is observed that
single girl comes to arthur's house
she says to him i am noticing from a
time that you are chasing me
arthur replies yes i liked you
that girl begins to laugh on it they
soon develop a friendship bond for each
other
arthur again receives an opportunity for
comedian job from a platform
it is children's hospital when arthur is
dancing
going there then that gun falls out from
his pocket
all kids are scared and the whole
faculty is surprised thinking what is
causing him to keep this gun
he is also fired from this job as the
news travels
he calls his employer and says it is
just a toy gun
his employer says don't tell a lie
your co-worker has revealed everything
to me that you yourself took this gun
from him
arthur is again disheartened thinking
his co-worker had forcefully given this
gun to him then it is seen
arthur is returning to his house by
train there are also three businessmen
who were the men of thomas they are
harassing a girl
sitting in the train arthur begins to
laugh because of his mental disorder
and those three men think as he is
laughing at them they beat him too much
as his mouth begins to bleed
arthur was trying to tell them about his
issue but three of them don't hear him
at all
being aggressive arthur kills three of
them taking out his gun
he flees thinking he has murdered three
persons he locks himself in a laboratory
in the beginning he was fearing but he
begins to dance here
it was appearing as he is not regretful
he was also at peace
tv is broadcasting the news as he comes
to his house
thomas is talking there he tells that
three people who were murdered
they were my men and they were killed by
a clown here the poor people are
supporting the clown instead of feeling
sorry for these three murderers
because they are protesting against the
rich people and the appearance of clowns
arthur visits his psychiatrist from
there she tells
we are meeting today for the last time
because government has stopped funding
us
and i cannot treat you without any cost
arthur is again dejected
being sorrowful he comes out from there
then arthur comes on the scene who is
making others laugh in a comedy show
he is unable to make them laugh in
anxiety he begins to laugh loudly
so his show is disturbed and he comes
back to his house his
mother says as he returns to the house
my son
post his letter which is for thomas
arthur does not believe when he reads it
he says going to his mother why did you
keep it secret from me
his mother tells him my son i did not do
it deliberately
thomas and i had feelings for each other
even though we also wanted to marry
but i belonged to the poor family while
he was aristocratic
so we did not marry because of the
societal norms
arthur leaves to meet his father when he
reaches there
thomas's own son is there behind the
back of the gate
arthur begins to show his childish
behavior before him
he also tries to make him laugh meantime
thomas's domestic worker approaches
there he says to that kid
it is not good to talk with a stranger
and he asks arthur to leave
arthur says i will leave after revealing
the truth
my mother served for 30 years for thomas
house
they used to like each other and i am
not the son of another person but thomas
the domestic worker says to him you and
your mother are both mad
he has fabricated this story he has no
concern with thomas
hearing it arthur feels ill and leaves
from there going to his house
he comes to know that his mother had a
health attack and she is shifted to the
hospital
two police officers arrive to him as he
is sitting outside
they ask him do you know about the three
victims who were murdered in the train
arthur says no how can i know
he knows that her mother has been
interrogated the same question by police
officer
it caused health attack for his mother
he comes to his mother inside where that
single mother is also present
then the tv broadcasts a news and there
is also the same arthur's favorite tv
host
that comedian who was his ideal he
starts watching his show fondly
at the first sight his own face is shown
on the tv
actually arthur's ideal comedian is
making fun of him
when arthur was unable to control his
laughter in a comedy show in this way
arthur is badly hurt thinking my ideal
is making fun of me
i had got motivation from him he is not
believing on it
thomas comes to the house and tv is
broadcasting news
that city's circumstances have gone
worse poor strata has come on the road
putting on the clown makeup and they are
protesting against the aristocratic
people
much enmity has increased among them and
they are all opponent of thomas
arthur is much excited knowing it all
had put on the clown makeup
he feels that his work has been
complemented for the first time
now the place where the poor strata was
revolting was a theater
the aristocratic people were watching a
movie in that theater
thomas was also there police arrive
there in order to stop that riot
forbidding them there is commotion
everywhere
taking the advantage of this arthur
moves inside the theater
he goes to the laboratory of theater
where thomas had also come
arthur says to him politely while going
to him i am your son
remember you and my mother used to
accompany each other
thomas says to him i don't know about
any lady by this name
and he strongly punches him as a result
his nose begins to bleed
arthur returns to his house after a time
he receives the call of police officer
actually they wanted to interrogate
arthur about that day when those three
men had been killed
arthur also comes to know that his
best-loved comedian has also invited him
on his show
actually the routine comedy clip of
arthur which he had played in his show
due to this the popularity of his show
had increased
because people loved it he is extremely
excited
and he gears up to go there but he
thinks that thomas domestic worker had
told that my mother is insane
so he visits a psychiatric hospital
where her mother had been treated
he asks the record of his mother from
them he runs away after stealing that
file record
there was a written statement that
arthur's mother was in relationship with
another person
he used to torture her physically at
that time
arthur had also received an injury on
his head so he is suffering this disease
today
he directly moves to his friend's single
mother from there here it is revealed
that she does not exist
she was just the part of his
imaginations
he used to visualize her arthur is much
worried because of his mother's wound
going to hospital he chokes his mother
to death with pillow
coming to the house he finds a photo
with a written statement at its back
that
i like your smile it was stated by
thomas
and this photo belonged to his mother he
realizes here that his mother was not
telling a lie
he begins to apply his clown makeup
being
dejected he is blank about the
happenings around him
then his same co-worker appears there he
says
i want to interrogate about your
mother's recent murder and the killing
of three persons in train
arthur thinks they have again come to
make their life a chaos
and here he kills his co-worker
violently after this
arthur gets ready and wears the clown
costumes
now he was preparing to go to his
favorite comedians show
he is very excited and he is going while
dancing on the way
both police officers also arrive there
who were detecting the train incident
but arthur runs away he boards a train
while running
there were also many people wearing
clown costume police cannot search him
among number of people
getting chance of it he comes out from
there and he goes to his
favorite comedians show he asks going in
front of him
are you also in clown look are you also
revolting against aristocratic people
arthur requests him don't expose me
before the people accept this fact
that i am an ordinary clown then their
live transmission is started
onlookers get excited watching him they
are appreciating it
arthur's favorite comedian asks him a
question there that
why have you come here putting on the
clown makeup clown replies
i always wanted to be happy and i also
wanted to distribute the bliss among
people
people liked me in this look so i
preferred to come as such
here he also talks something shocking he
tells everyone in this live transmission
that
the killed people and train have been
murdered by me he says
i revealed it before you because many
poor people end until now
many people of upper class violently
killed the poor people
has anyone given attention has anyone
raised a voice against upper strata
or tell me if someone missed the victims
why do the people are raising their
voice if i have killed any wealthy man
is there no equality for the whole of
the humanity is there any specialty
among the wealthy people
he says society has corrupted its
inhabitants are self-obsessed
it is not your sympathy at all if you
have invited me in this show
you did it as such because the
popularity of your show was increasing
due to my presence
but arthur's favorite comedian says it
is not at all
arthur is angered saying are you still
telling a lie
he fires his gun on him before everyone
taking it out
people are frightened and begin to run
outside but arthur is seen confident
here
he is not fearing anyone police seizes
clown arthur on his crime
and police begin to take him far getting
him into the vehicle
but arthur observes that there are many
people supporting him on the way
they are supporting him some of them get
in the ambulance
and they crash it driving speedily with
the police car
so the police car is crashed and the
clown has come outside now
he stands on the same vehicle uniting
with those people
all people were looking at him and
complimenting him with joy
his mouth and nose were bleeding enough
but he draws a smiling curve with the
blood and begins to laugh
spreading his hand actually it was such
a smile which concealed pain and grief
now he had become the ideal of everyone
he was satisfied with it
as people were complimenting him in the
end on the other side
thomas comes on the scene who is leaving
the city with his current wife and son
but a clown standing aside kills them
firing his gun
but he does not harm their son then the
location changes and arthur is seen with
psychiatrist
he is also laughing there that
psychiatric says
to him why do you continue to laugh for
no reason arthur says to her
you will never be able to understand
this feeling saying it
he comes outside his outsole of shoes
were filled with blood
it reveals how a pious man turned into a
murderer
the gained moral of the story is this
innocent victim becomes a victimizer if
he is treated ill
he was agonized in pain too much that he
became apathetic
now he was and the movie ends here